From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 0
Time: 1.418169

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 0
Time: 1.455984

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 0
Time: 5.510568

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.600434

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.061726

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 3
Time: 4.522977

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 4
Time: 5.975848

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 5
Time: 7.433717

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.618419

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.59402

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.606167

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.151649

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 3
Time: 4.703381

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 4
Time: 6.26084

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 5
Time: 7.812912

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 6
Time: 9.36974

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.602304

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.549594

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.558352

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.554747

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.555625

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.594043

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.617367

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.185299

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 2.732861

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 3
Time: 4.289933

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.603456

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.154029

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.607842

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.59429

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.140429

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.596848

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.599497

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.14751

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 3
Time: 4.699647

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 4
Time: 6.25603

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 5
Time: 7.795784

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 6
Time: 9.34352

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 7
Time: 10.89055

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.600092

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.148152

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 3
Time: 4.687047

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 4
Time: 6.246217

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 5
Time: 7.802449

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 6
Time: 9.341761

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.59087

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.139153

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.531204

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.072165

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.529716

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.076834

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.516884

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 2.987294

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.533068

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 4.077916

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.605667

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.155007

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.622717

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.17204

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.602353

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.149205

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.62561

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.174079

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.622761

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 3.169648

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Bowser
Level: World 1-4
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 19.39847

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Bowser fire
Level: World 1-4
Score: 400
Deaths: 1
Time: 9.038372

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Bowser
Level: World 1-4
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 8.137877

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Bowser fire
Level: World 1-4
Score: 500
Deaths: 2
Time: 23.39558

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Bowser
Level: World 1-4
Score: 0
Deaths: 3
Time: 38.99291

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-4
Score: 500
Deaths: 3
Time: 49.77034

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-4
Score: 1000
Deaths: 0
Time: 18.93975

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-4
Score: 1000
Deaths: 0
Time: 14.41955

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-4
Score: 1000
Deaths: 0
Time: 8.456256

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Firebar
Level: World 1-4
Score: 1400
Deaths: 1
Time: 17.43881

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Firebar
Level: World 1-4
Score: 600
Deaths: 2
Time: 25.98995

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Planes
Level: World 1-4
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 3.039921

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Planes
Level: World 1-4
Score: 0
Deaths: 2
Time: 5.749695

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Planes
Level: World 1-4
Score: 0
Deaths: 3
Time: 8.762656

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Planes
Level: World 1-4
Score: 0
Deaths: 4
Time: 11.48023

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Planes
Level: World 1-4
Score: 0
Deaths: 5
Time: 14.4178

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 4.360895

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 2700
Deaths: 0
Time: 48.03317

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Piranha
Level: World 1-2
Score: 3000
Deaths: 1
Time: 80.4375

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-2
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 2.295458

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 700
Deaths: 1
Time: 22.79803

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 1.739446

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 400
Deaths: 2
Time: 9.10064

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 500
Deaths: 3
Time: 22.39775

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1000
Deaths: 4
Time: 48.18706

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 5
Time: 52.0441

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 3.798125

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 3.159105

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 2.09872

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 400
Deaths: 2
Time: 11.50596

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 500
Deaths: 3
Time: 19.36386

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 1
Time: 0

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Goomba
Level: World 1-1
Score: 400
Deaths: 1
Time: 7.458319

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 2100
Deaths: 0
Time: 40.58959

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1400
Deaths: 0
Time: 34.91162

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1400
Deaths: 0
Time: 35.56876

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when mario died
diedfrom: Planes
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1400
Deaths: 1
Time: 26.57471

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 2000
Deaths: 1
Time: 66.57281

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 2000
Deaths: 0
Time: 38.64594

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-2
Score: 4400
Deaths: 0
Time: 26.16078

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-2
Score: 0
Deaths: 0
Time: 2.242218

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-2
Score: 4000
Deaths: 0
Time: 25.91019

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-2
Score: 4000
Deaths: 0
Time: 26.58165

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1400
Deaths: 0
Time: 41.49944

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1400
Deaths: 0
Time: 37.52308

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-2
Score: 3800
Deaths: 0
Time: 26.46751

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-2
Score: 3800
Deaths: 0
Time: 24.13433

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1400
Deaths: 0
Time: 30.00395

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1400
Deaths: 0
Time: 30.78472

From Traning Session: False
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-2
Score: 3800
Deaths: 0
Time: 23.4413

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1400
Deaths: 0
Time: 28.98141

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-2
Score: 6100
Deaths: 0
Time: 39.52126

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 2200
Deaths: 0
Time: 40.27876

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1800
Deaths: 0
Time: 32.82864

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 0
Time: 26.21969

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1700
Deaths: 0
Time: 22.11395

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 1300
Deaths: 0
Time: 34.5722

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 0
Time: 16.32986

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 0
Time: 3.498473

From Traning Session: True
Context: Saved when level ends
diedfrom: N/A
Level: World 1-1
Score: 0
Deaths: 0
Time: 5.857183

